RICARDO RENDON	Davis, CA (Open to relocation) | (530) 601-8824 | rrendon@ucdavis.edu 
www.linkedin.com/in/RicardoRendon-DataAnalyst	Personal website: https://ricardorendonr.github.io/
	
Data analyst driven to solve inquiries and present results in easily understood formats. Capable of utilizing existing programs and learning new technologies to achieve an efficient interpretation and management of data.
	
EDUCATION
B.S., Statistics, University of California, Davis, CA 	June 2019
Minor: Computer Science, GPA: 3.4

Additional coursework: 	
Coursera:  Machine Learning , Deep Learning Specialization,                                              October 2019 - Jan 2020
	Applied Data Science Python Specialization. 	
Udemy: The Ultimate MySQL Bootcamp 	 February 2020
Udacity: Data Engineer Nanodegree 	April,2020
	
WORK HISTORY
COOPCAREERS, San Francisco, CA	August-December 2020
Data analytics, Apprenticeship (night hours)
-Online (due to covid) apprenticeship, focused on : SQL, Tableau, Google Analytics, Salesforce, Excel.

Bioventures, Davis, CA	July 2020
Data analytics
-Created a python script to clean and restructure the original database.
-Migrated database to Microsoft SQL Server to have a more efficient way to store and retrieve information.
-Created a data analysis dashboard and presented a data analytics report.  
-Built a web interface using Django to store new records and to retain the data integrity of the database.

LAUNCHPAD, Davis, CA	July 2019 -Sept 2019
Intern
-Created and presented data-driven strategies for campaigns and projects for non-profit agency.
Additional experience: Lift Scanner at Breckenridge Ski Resort; Vehicle Inspection at LR Travel Agency.
	
TECHNICAL SKILLS
	SQL 	Python 	R 	Tableau	Basic HTML	     Basic CSS	 
	C++ (OOP)	Octave	Excel	MS Word	Access	     React Native 
	
LANGUAGES: English and Spanish
	
PROJECTS
Assignment: 	Determined viability and return on banking loans using data exploration and variable selection.
Outcome: 	Achieved 92% cross-validation accuracy (logistic regression, KNN [K-nearest neighbors], random forest, and neural network) on the acceptance of a profitable loan and an average error of 1.024 for the estimated interest rate.

Assignment: 	Developed front end (React Native) and back end (Firebase) app similar to Instagram.
Outcome: 	Selected best KPI to track the performance and performed A/B testing to improve the personality (appearance) of self-designed app.

Assignment: 	Web scrap Craigslist to obtain data on Sacramento’s house rentals (Beautifulsoup).
Outcome: 	Adaptable code for any location inside U.S.A. Utilized logistic regression, KNN, RFE (Recursive Feature Elimination) to predict the location of houses, and achieved 65% accuracy of prediction of the location vs. 17% for random guessing. Utilized linear regression to predict renting prices–achieved with an average error of $200.

Assignment: 	Analyze and select most relevant features for predicting market value of a house.
Outcome: 	Achieved an RMSE (standard deviation of residuals) of $30,000 utilizing LASSO,
	KNN and CV (cross-validation) (R).
Additional achievements include building program capable of categorizing numbers from handwriting images with 96% accuracy; utilized graphical analysis to identify bike riding patterns in the cities of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
